platform: document default installation files (#188)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: getting_started/install_bisdn_linux.md

More information about the ONIE CLI command can be found [here](https://opencomputeproject.github.io/onie/cli/index.html#onie-nos-install).

### Default Installer Files

**WARNING** Setting a default configuration will reset the file system to the initial state. Only use this if you are prepared to lose all modifications of your current BISDN Linux installation.

BISDN Linux by default provides no network configuration for the switch ports. To allow a more switch like default configuration, it is possible to use the environment variable `BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG` while installing BISDN Linux to provide a default network configuration.

```
BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG="simple-l2-bridge" onie-nos-install http://repo.bisdn.de/pub/onie/generic-x86-64/onie-bisdn-generic-x86-64-v5.1.X.bin
```

> The `baseboxd` supported files are in the file system under the `/usr/share/baseboxd/default_configurations/` path.

Reviewer: I don't think this helps and just confuses (from a user perspective what has this to do with baseboxd? how would you access this path?).

What would be nice to have a table here with all supported values and an explanation of it.

* (empty) => just takes over the previous installation's configuration, if there is one (default)
* simple-l2-bridge => removes existing configuration, puts all ports into a bridge, behaves like an unmanaged switch
* none => removes existing configuration, resetting the installation to the default state with no configuration on switch ports

More information about the ONIE CLI command can be found [here](https://opencomputeproject.github.io/onie/cli/index.html#onie-nos-install).

### Default Installer Files

**WARNING** Setting a default configuration will reset the file system to the initial state. Only use this if you are prepared to lose all modifications of your current BISDN Linux installation.

BISDN Linux by default provides no network configuration for the switch ports. To allow a more switch like default configuration, it is possible to use the environment variable `BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG` while installing BISDN Linux to provide a default network configuration.

```
BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG="simple-l2-bridge" onie-nos-install http://repo.bisdn.de/pub/onie/generic-x86-64/onie-bisdn-generic-x86-64-v5.1.X.bin
```

The following table shows the supported configuration for `BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG` and the expected outcome.

> |`BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG` Value|Outcome|Default|
> |(Empty)|Use previous installation configuration|Y|
> |none|Removes existing configuration and resets the switch to no default state||
> |simple-l2-bridge|Removes existing configuration and initializes the switch to behave as an unmanaged switch||

Reviewer: 1. Lets align the table in the source as well, to make it more readable on the command line.
2. Lets be more explicit in explaining the network configuration options.

```suggestion
|`BISDN_DEFAULT_CONFIG` Value|Outcome                                                                                        |Default|
|(Empty)                     |Use previous installation configuration                                                        |Y      |
|`none`                      |Removes existing configuration and initializes the switch with all ports disabled              |       |
|`simple-l2-bridge`          |Removes existing configuration and initializes the switch to forward traffic between all ports |       |
```
